[CIAPP] Fix small typos (#11105)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/junit_upload.md

      text: "Troubleshooting CI"
---

> JUnit test report files are XML files that contain test execution information, such as test and suite names, pass/fail status, duration, and sometimes error logs. Although it was introduced by the [JUnit][1] testing framework, lots of other popular frameworks are able to output results using this format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JUnit test report files are XML files that contain test execution information, such as test and suite names, pass/fail status, duration, and sometimes error logs. Although it was introduced by the [JUnit][1] testing framework, many other popular frameworks are able to output results using this format.
```
